okay what we see here is a 1931 Austin
seven saloon in pretty nice condition
the last gentleman didn't have it for
very long but he bought it off somebody
who supposedly had it for 30 years and
restored the car it's nicely restored
not concours but mechanically it's very
good the paint possibly it's been
raining here like it very often does
here in the upper North Island the paint
is quite nice it's possibly it it could
do with a good polish because I think
from where now I look at it I think it's
probably never been the plaint is never
been cut and that's probably what
needs to make it a bit more shiny if you
want to if you wanted there just got
good good four good tires on it has got
this sort of custom-made box on the back
here
it arrived here honor honor on our truck
and I'd seen it a few weeks back and it
started first pop
alright ok let's have a look under the
bonnet
see all that looks like it's been done
just recently and it's what I've been
told it's got a like a brand new
honeycomb radiator which is a very
expensive item in itself
right
okay out of sight
see this yeah they're waters running
down from the bonnet now dripping down
there yes the music registration
sticker 1931 Austin 7 it had
personalized number of lights just
saying 1931 but there's no good in
this guy's going anyway so the man took
it off and put it on to one of his other
cars yeah petrol tank fuel fuel gauge
all right now have a let's have a look
at the inside of the car as I said the
car just arrived here haven't been able
to clean it or anything
because I'm only here for a few days two
containers here the car needs to go and
container the right here's the this is
to choke the year the start up cable is
the steering column there it's got air
conditioning there you can find out the
windscreen and it's got more air
conditioning down near where it has the
little blue austerely you can open the
pottery is pretty tidy so as to the
put probably it not an absolute
immaculate professional job but it's
good the lambskin sheepskin using it
sheepskin things over here they're not
hiding any they're not hiding any any
splits or anything you go right well I
think I've started up we go for a bit of
a dive well each one of these cars is
obviously a bit different than you have
to get used to
used to them get acquainted to him but
usually what I find it with Austin
seventies you
even when you start them from warm you
retard
the engine
doesn't seem to be doing too much
MacGyver
charging pretty raw
as I said this is the chalk and even you
know you pull that out and you can
usually push the chalk back pretty
quickly
the gearbox on this one is it quite
clearly marked actually
this is reverse
and we've got
this is still
we've got the word sit down and then
we've got one to the left and up
and this is second and this is Stewart
so we go forward here put it in one
Langstrom
emergency braking here we're baking
business I saw that lady at night
to be the problem
not too sure what
didn't get onto this video but anyway
I'm sure it was
to get the right impression on this guy
all right and